small getting-started-docs tweaks (#1103)
man-group/ArcticDB: docs/mkdocs/docs/index.md

    * `DatetimeIndex`
    * `MultiIndex` composed of above supported types
    
    Currently, ArcticDB allows `append()`-ing to a `RangeIndex` only with a continuing `RangeIndex` (i.e. the appending `RangeIndex.start` == `RangeIndex.stop` of the existing data and they have the same `RangeIndex.step`). If a DataFrame with a non-continuing `RangeIndex` is passed to `append()`, ArcticDB does _not_ convert it `Int64Index` like Pandas and will produce an error.

>     Also note, the "row" concept in `head()/tail()` refers to the physical row, not the value in the `pandas.Index`.

Reviewer: Just noticed the grammar in this line is off too. Shall we fix it while we're here?

```suggestion
    The "row" concept in `head()/tail()` refers to the row number, not the value in the `pandas.Index`.
```
